Crescent Moon Fairy Tale Isn't this the Zen courtyard of the Shangguan family?
Why are you here?
I heard that this new moon fairy tale is Shangguan
Master's dowry for Shangguan Linglong
But it was finished by his Shangguan Ruichen
But he hasn't opened yet.
I didn't expect him to show up here
Don't get excited without you
Now the fairy tale of the new moon is already the Zen meaning of the official family
Even if you object, it is invalid
It's better to wait and see
Do I have to watch my grandfather's hard work?
Is it being sold as a handler?
Otherwise, what can you do?
Your Shangguan family
Now they are not even eligible to bid.
If you really want to get the new moon back
I can help you.
Forget it, the Shangguan family is now in danger for the rest of their lives
Where did the money come from?
Star and Moon Fairy Tale
Star Moon Fairy Tale has now completed development
Open anytime
It is expected that the annual revenue will be more than 10 billion
Starting price 9 billion
9 billion Mr. Ip
Star and moon fairy tales are valuable
I reckon the final price will break 20 billion
Are you sure you don't want to increase the price?
9 billion not a penny more
Adding bidders will not be forgiven.